The President’s Cup,
continuous session timer.
Login, register,
and complete your enrollment.
Use the practice area
to test your system's
compatibility before beginning round one.
Check the President’s Cup rules
to confirm how much time
teams and individuals
have to complete their respective rounds.
When you're ready
to start your competitive round,
select round, start, and then confirm.
The session
timer starts when you start the game
board.
After starting your session,
you or your team
will have the allotted time to complete
as many challenges as possible.
The session timer runs continuously
and cannot be paused.
Your round score is determined by the sum
of all successful challenges completed
during your session.